{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jup\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Git is a version control system. All changes are tracked and you can always roll back a file to an older version. Can synchronize work done by multiple people. \
\
\
Most important git commands:\
1. Git status\
	Tells the status of the repo. \
2. Git add filename.txt\
	This commend adds filename.txt to the staging area\
3. Git add .\
	Will add all changes in the working directory to the staging area\
4. Git commit -m \'93description of the commit\'94\
	Commits the changes in the staging area to the rep. The current state of the rep is now forever tracked by git\
5. Git push\
	publish local commits onto GitHub \
\
How git works:\
You work in the directory, make changes to your local files, save them onto our computer. \
	git add: puts changes in staging area\
	git commit : commits changes in staging area to the repository \
We do an add and a commit because commits should be logical changes and small changes so we can understand what happens from one change to the other. Good to stage one or two files at a time then commit. All of the changes are tracked in the git log.\
\
More Commands:\
1. Git log\
	lists all the commits made to a repository. \
2. Git checkout ab123ef filename.txt\
	Replace ab123ef with the first few letters of the hash associated with the commit. This is checking out the older version of the file.\
\
Github hosts remote repositories using Git. \
Its easiest to first set up a repository on GitHub first and then cloning it to your local machine. \
1. Create repository on GitHub\
2. Make sure our SSH key is set up\
	shh-keygen -t ed25519 -C averyrose98@g.ucla.edu\
3. Once key is set up, go to new repository on GitHub and click clone ssh. Copy contents\
4. Cd ~, then git clone paste\
\
\
Create a new file on terminal: touch filename\
\
If we make a file change on GitHub, we need to pull orgin main back, so run:\
Git pull\
\
\
Miles Chen git hub: https://github.com/smileschen/2021-sp-stats21\
Add an upstream repository so we get the professor\'92s changes but we dont make changes\
	git remote add upstream git@github.com:smileschen/2021-sp-stats21.git\
Can check if it works with git remove -v\
\
To make sure student account is up to date:\
 	git pull upstream main\
\
If we want to add notes / changes to the pdf files, we should clone the pdfs in case he changes the pdf later\
	cp 21_Lecture_1-2.pdf my_version\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 /Users/averyrobinson/2021-sp-stats21/MyNotes\
\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 /Users/averyrobinson/Desktop/Spring 2021/21\
\
git pull upstream main
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}